Come to the solution for the quiz lists.
So let's start with the first question which letter outputs the following program and as it can see
print hello world and then slicing minus two or in square brackets minus to what minus two does.
It says I would like to only take it the second to last letter.
So if there was minus one we would get D.
If there is minus two we get L.
So the correct answer here is B.
So the right solution B.
If you use the square brackets and then a number in here then you tell the string here that you only
want to have a particular character because we're not using colon here.
There's no colon so we're not slicing it in parts.
We're just getting one particular character here.
And the one we get is minus two.
So we just have to look at the string from the back or from the end.
So D minus 1 and L minus 2 are would be minus 3 and so forth.
Then Question number two what does the following program output print.
John Doe minus three colon nothing.
So this minus three means that it starts at minus three and minus three is the third last character.
So if we look at the string Jondo then it starts this D.
And after the cold and there's nothing else left.
So this means that we will get the rest of the string.
So we start at minus three and we get the rest of the string.
So what we get is though.
So the correct answer here will be D as we get dough from Jondo so solution is D.
Now let's look at question number three.
What does the following program output.
Now we have it the other way around.
So before the colon there's nothing.
So we start.
Zero which means we start at the beginning and then it says up to the point of minus three.
Not Included.
So the minus 3 is not included.
So we don't get the third last character in there.
Which means though is not going to be or D is not going to be part.
So we only get John.
So the answer is C here.
All right so correct solution is going to be c.
Now let's have a look at question number four.
What does the following program output.
We have.
Hello world.
Starting at the sixth character and going until the last but not including.
So colon minus 1 means take the last one but then exclude that.
So it would give us WHY DO I SAY world here.
Well the answer is world which is B and that is because if we look at the six or six we mean the sixth
index which means the sixth character and starting to count a zero.
So 0 1 2 3 4.
The empty space is 5 and W6 So we start at W and then we go all the way to minus one excluded and minus
1.
Is this exclamation mark here.
So the estimation markers excluded which means we have the whole world we're word that we're taking.
So the answer is B world.
All right.
So I hope you could follow along and I hope you understand the concept of slicing and also of playing
around with strings and in the next we we're going to check out a list comprehension.
So see you there.